(Chinook is the main transport helicopter
of the Republic of Korea Army...)
(and can quickly transport
large equipment and troops.)
(Republic of Korea Army)
(Cho A Ra)
Make the impossible possible!
ROK Special Warfare Command!
- We stand together!
(Kim Ji Eun, Woo Hui Jun,
Yang Hae Ju, and Jung Yu Ri)
Represent logic with action...
and prove the process with results.
The ROK 707th Special Missions Group!
- We stand together!
The central force for national defense.
Republic of Korea Army.
- Salute!
(Kwak Seon Hui, Han Su Bin,
Lee Eo Jin, and Jeon Yu Jin)
We go, we fight, we win!
Republic of Korea Navy!
- Victory at all costs!
(Won Cho Hui, Shin Jeong Min,
Park Hye In, and Pyo Yu Mi)
(Park Min Hui)
If it doesn't work, make it work.
The ROK Marine Corps!
- Victory at all costs!
(Park Min Hui, Cho A Ra,
Lee Su Yeon, and Yoon Jae In)
(Cho A Ra)
Defend with life and serve with life!
We go when our nation calls.
The Special Mission Battalion!
- Salute!
(Cho Seong Won, Moon Ji Yeong,
Kim A Ran, and Yang Ji Ni)
At ease.
That concludes my report,
as all 24 members of Iron Squad
stand ready to serve the people!
Salute to the people!
- Iron!
In 2, 3!
In 1, 2, 3!
Push until the end!
I'd rather die if I didn't win.
I might lose
if I don't put my all into this.
I won't get my guard off
even for a moment.
I'll step on others to win.
We have no place to retreat.
I'll win at any cost.
Good!
(The first-ever survival competition
for female troops)
I'll chew all of them up.
Let's go!
- Don't give up!
- Keep going!
- In 1, 2, 3.
Come out!
One more time!
I'll put my life on the line.
Consider me dead already.
I'm ready to risk it all to win.
- Hey!
- Show them!
- In 1, 2.
Start firing.
(Extreme survival competition...)
(among elite female troops
on an overwhelming battlefield)
(Who is going to be...)
(the final winner of this competition?)
I'll win this battle!
It's a competition to determine
the strongest female troop...
in the elite squad.
Everyone, stand tall!
Salute to the viewers!
- Iron!
After a year of long wait,
"The Iron Squad W..."
has returned to determine
the strongest female troops!
I've never seen women
in the military before.
That's why I am even more excited
to see them.
- I wonder how powerful they are.
- I know.
This first episode of our show
will be aired on Armed Forces Day.
- It happens to be that day.
- Geez.
- It feels so special.
- We feel grateful.
- It's so meaningful.
- Right.
We proudly present "The Iron Squad W,"
starting on Armed Forces Day.
And there's one more panelist
we'd like to introduce today.
She's the perfect specialist we need
for "The Iron Squad W."
Iron!
I'm Jang Eun Sil,
a former National Team wrestler.
It's an honor to be here.
She's a former National Team wrestler.
"The Iron Squad" series is known
for trench fighting missions.
Since wrestling skills are
essential for this,
I believe she'll break it down for us
as a professional wrestler.
Plus, they're all female,
so I believe I can analyze...
- how female physiques work.
- She's a pro.
- Master Choi,
- Yes?
what do you think
will be the most exciting aspect...
of this season of "The Iron Squad?"
For starters, we'll get to observe
female elite troops...
that we haven't seen on the show before.
Many people have questioned
the difficulty of the missions,
considering they are female.
I want to make it clear...
that this will be the toughest season yet.
- You can look forward to it.
- Is that so?
The toughest season?
I can't wait to see
the contestants for this season!
Let's find out right now!
I'm so excited.
Where is it?
(A huge tank gun
and scary-looking barbed wires)
(A heavily guarded place)
It starts at a military camp?
(Non-Commissioned Officer Academy)
It's Non-Commissioned Officer Academy.
(They meet each other for the first time
at the academy.)
Now they have a running track. How nice.
They're coming to the academy.
(They start to show up.)
(Charismatic)
- Look at how scared the cat has become!
- The cat looks scared!
Look at the way she walks.
She looks different from normal people.
The way they walk looks so cool.
I wonder what they are like.
(What are they like?)
(All the contenders are here!)
(The first soldier with a tall height
walks in.)
- She's tall.
- Look at her physique.
She's really tall.
She's pretty tall.
(And the red name tag stands out.)
- The red name tag.
- If one's name tag is red...
- She's from the Marine Corps.
- The ROK Marine Corps.
(Fixing her hat)
Being organized is important for them.
(Her impressive physique is noticeable
from afar.)
She's really tall.
Look at her.
(She enters to the barrack first.)
She's the first one here.
The barrack.
(She puts her bag down.)
(She takes a seat after taking off
her eight-pointed cover.)
(She scans the surroundings first.)
- She looks so charismatic.
- She is so cool.
Her eyes are
unlike those of ordinary people.
Victory at all costs!
I'm Sergeant First Class Yoon Jae In
of the ROK Marine Corps.
Since the moment
I joined the Marine Corps,
I've never failed at anything.
I've participated
in the Mangudai Challenge.
- What's that?
- What's Mangudai?
It's a military challenge
that limits sleep for three days...
and allows you to experience
the most extreme conditions.
No sleep for three days?
I was the first female
to participate in it...
and was awarded as the best one.
- She was awarded the best?
- She was the best one.
The Marines' goal is victory.
(Jae In is surprised to see something.)
(She spots lockers
that she hasn't seen in a long time.)
I haven't seen it in a long time too.
- Have you ever used it?
- For a month, yes.
- For a month?
- At a boot camp.
(She stands in front of the locker
for a long time.)
Well...
(She seems unsatisfied.)
You need to organize it well.
Everyone should be in line.
Being in line matters to the Marine Corps.
They can't stand
when things are disorganized.
(She can't hide
that she is a member of the Marine Corps.)
- Here comes the second one.
- She's the second.
(A powerful walking)
(She enters the more organized barrack.)
Victory at all costs!
I'm from 347th class.
I'm from 344th class.
She must be senior.
How charismatic.
It's nice to see you.
I'm from Class 344.
I'm from Class 347.
(The pecking order settled
as soon as they met.)
When Marines meet,
they instantly announce their class.
Even a one-class difference helps them
determine how to treat each other.
Really?
You're tall. How tall are you?
I'm 175cm tall.
I think you haven't graduated.
Your hair is short.
As soon as I met
Sergeant First Class Yoon, I thought,
"The Marine Corps is going to win..."
"because we are physically dominant."
Do you work out?
Yes.
What kind of workout do you do?
I swim.
Are you a good swimmer?
I am.
(Eyes wide open)
What about weight training?
How's your stamina?
Are you a good runner too?
She's asking so many questions.
Is she conducting an interview?
I hope we'll have someone fast.
She wants someone fast.
(And...)
I hope she doesn't look like a baby.
- You have so many requirements.
- I mean...
- I like you, for now, Jae In.
- You're so...
- Do you?
- I like you.
Sergeant First Class Yoon passes.
(The third one shows up.)
- Here comes the third Marine now.
- She walks so powerfully.
The third member of the Marine Corps.
(Don't forget to fix
your eight-pointed cover...)
(before entering the barrack.)
The Marines look so cool
with their cool hat.
Victory at all costs!
I'm Captain Cho A Ra
of the ROK Marine Corps.
During my service,
I served as a platoon leader
and a company commander...
in the Second Division
of the Marine Corps.
She was the platoon leader.
I also served as a training officer...
in the Marine Corps Education
and Training Group.
Listen up, each platoon!
On the count of 1, 2, 3, 4,
move forward on number!
Like this.
(Even her voice sounds different
from others.)
She was a training officer. Gosh.
Her voice sounds like one.
She was a training officer, indeed.
Her first impression was
that she was docile...
and looked small.
I was worried
others might underestimate her.
Hello.
But I was soon surprised to find out
that she was a commissioned officer.
She's a captain.
What year did you complete your service?
It was just a short time ago.
- This year?
- Yes.
I knew it.
I'm so happy.
Right?
Are you a swimmer?
Swimming?
I prefer running.
(Now they have a runner.)
I hoped that a runner would join us.
She seems to have good endurance.
Now, I hope to have someone
with more weight on the team.
- Someone with power. Yes.
- A strong member.
- Someone with a larger build.
- Tell me about it.
It's all about teamwork.
The last one is coming.
(She looks powerful already.)
She does look strong.
I think she's the muscle of the team.
I didn't know I'd come back here again,
but here I am.
(She already looks like a general.)
I can sense her strength
just from her appearance.
(Knocking)
The Marines are waiting
for their last member to join.
(The last member they've been waiting for)
Just look at how powerful her presence is.
She's well-built.
Victory at all costs!
Her physique was...
great.
I thought
we needed the muscle of the team,
and she looked so perfect...
that it gave me goosebumps.
(Eyes wide open)
I was glad and thought we would win.
Victory at all costs!
I'm First Lieutenant Lee Su Yeon
of the Marine Corps.
Since I was a kid, I've been rowing,
which means I'm confident in my strength.
- A rower?
- A rower!
- A rower is known for their strength.
They're really powerful.
(I'm all set.)
(She has power in her lower body.)
Gosh.
By herself?
She rows so powerfully on her own?
It's so impressive how fast it goes.
During training, I was most confident...
in IBS...
and trench fighting.
I had to fight
against five or six opponents,
and I beat them all.
When two of them came at me at once,
I took them down.
In 2-on-1?
Su Yeon.
(A Ra and Su Yeon greet
each other pleasantly.)
I trained Su Yeon as a training officer.
And she's all clear.
- She's all clear?
- "All clear?"
"All clear" means she's good.
- That means she's perfect, right?
- Yes.
I personally know Su Yeon.
- How?
- How do you know her?
She went to the same high school as me,
Seoul Physical Education High School.
We graduated from the same school.
I think she's all clear too.
- I'm looking forward to seeing her.
- You graduated from the same school.
They're fellow alumni.
I'm glad we have someone well-built,
- just as I had hoped.
- Someone with muscles?
Yes.
I told everyone that we needed
someone with a great physique.
I'm glad that you came as I expected.
- Is that so?
- Yes.
I thought you needed me too.
(The Marine Corps has the muscle now.)
To be honest, I thought...
I thought I'd be the team leader.
- A team leader.
- Oh, my.
What's going on?
Did you also think so?
Did you think you'd be a team leader too?
Yes. To a certain extent.
I see.
It's awkward.
What do you think about it?
Did you want to be a team leader?
Well...
I thought I would.
Everyone has a leadership.
What about you, Jae In?
I also thought I would be one.
But I'm the youngest here.
I think I should step back now.
Then, let me tell you about myself.
I served as a military police officer
for seven years.
I joined the Marine Corps in 2013.
I was at the GOP...
What's with those question marks?
I was the first female officer.
And I served as a guard too.
It was a joint training with the Navy...
Because I know what to do.
Well... I was in the Second Division...
- of the Marine Corps...
- No one gives up.
- They're very competitive.
- Yes.
As a training officer,
I was in charge of training a battalion
and a division,
as well as a company and a platoon.
(Two candidates for the team leader
emerge.)
Will A Ra or Min Hui become
the team leader?
The tension between the two feels intense.
Even though A Ra outranks everyone,
Min Hui has more experience
from serving longer,
which creates intense tension
between them.
Do we have to decide now?
Please decide it for me.
Why should I do that?
Please understand
that I'm very serious about this.
No one gives in.
Okay.
Since you seem to want it so passionately,
let's appoint Sergeant First Class Park
as our team leader.
She gave in.
I'll try my best.
(The Marine Corps seems promising.)
As I met my teammates,
I got more confident.
Since we're here, we need to win.
Please look forward to our performance.
The Marine Corps will sweep
the competition.
The Marine Corps seems so powerful!
They really do.
The team composition looks great.
Here comes another troop.
(Her black beret stands out.)
- The beret.
- The black beret.
(Entering)
(Their barrack is still empty.)
I think she's part of the Special Forces.
(Who is she scanning the barracks?)
She's beautiful.
She's really beautiful.
We stand together!
I'm First Lieutenant Woo Hui Jun
of the ROK Special Warfare Command.
As a former member
of the National Kabaddi Team,
I had many opportunities to honor
my country in international competitions.
- Kabaddi is very intense.
- I know.
She participated
in the Hangzhou Asian game!
While I was an active player,
I wanted to challenge myself
with various physical missions,
so I applied for this position.
I was the first woman accepted
into the Special Forces,
where I served
as an officer training and assisting...
overseas deployment troops.
I'd like to show you through my actions...
rather than words
what kind of military officer I am.
How cool.
(Knocking)
The second member of the Special Forces.
- We stand together!
- We stand together.
(Disciplined)
I'm from 203th class.
- Hello.
We stand together!
I'm Master Sergeant Kim Ji Eun
of the Special Forces.
My name is Kim Ji Eun,
and I served as a master sergeant...
in the Special Forces for 11 years.
For 11 years!
I served as a training officer
at the Special Warfare School,
A training officer.
where I trained individuals
in sniper shooting.
(Master Sergeant Kim Ji Eun)
Did you see where the cartridge went?
I didn't see it, ma'am.
- Focus on it harder.
- Yes, ma'am.
- She's so charismatic.
- She is, indeed.
We're known for our determination...
and perseverance.
I don't think any unit can match us.
That's just my opinion.
It's nice to see you.
Where did you serve?
The last place I served was
the Dongmyeong Unit in Lebanon.
I was discharged as soon as I returned...
from the International Peace Support
Standby Force.
I see.
(Glancing)
Based on her appearance,
she looked pretty slim.
So I was worried a little.
- Have you,
- Yes?
by any chance, received training outside?
- She's feeling doubtful.
- She has doubts.
- She's doubtful.
- She's asking carefully.
- She's careful.
- Don't judge a book by its cover.
Haven't you had any training
in a mountain area?
I did a double-time march...
in a mountainous area.
I experienced various training
while I was a professional athlete.
(Eyes wide open)
Back then...
We had to climb mountains...
If you don't mind me asking,
can I ask what sports you used to play?
I played kabaddi.
Isn't it an Indian sport?
I played for over 8 or 9 years.
- That's amazing.
- Oh, it's nothing.
You played it for a long time.
Her expression has changed.
- Her expression changed.
- I know.
Now, she is relieved.
I guess your stamina must be good.
After hearing that she was
on the National Kabaddi Team...
for almost nine years,
I was done worrying about our team.
- Kabaddi players are strong.
- I've never seen one before.
(The room has turned warmer quickly.)
I'm nervous.
I think I've seen one.
We stand together!
It's you, Hae Ju!
- What are you doing here?
- They know each other?
We stand together!
I'm Sergeant First Class Yang Hae Ju
of the Special Forces.
I served as a sniper
in the Special Forces Brigade...
for 8 years and 9 months.
A sniper?
- That's so cool!
- That's incredible.
She'll be able to defeat everyone
in the shooting mission.
Someone like her is essential
for every team. A sniper.
Having gone
through various extreme training,
I'm confident I can complete any mission.
I can achieve one shot, one kill.
Seriously.
Are we really on the same team?
It's all clear!
I believe we're all clear now.
Do you know each other?
Yes. We served in the same brigade.
We're close in private too.
(Reliable)
- We have one more left?
- Yes.
I think our team will be complete
with one more.
I think the last one
would be like the youngest.
That's my guess.
It must be one
of the staff sergeants or...
- A sergeant first class like me.
- Yes.
Similar in rank.
(Who is the last of the Special Forces?)
The last soldier of the Special Forces.
Who is it?
(Sergeant First Class Jung Yu Ri)
- Hey!
- We stand together!
I'm from 239th class.
I served as an Intelligence Officer
for the Special Forces for four years.
- An Intelligence Officer.
- When I was a candidate,
I finished the course
at the top of my class...
among 191 males and females.
Gosh. Yu Ri is here.
We're all clear.
(Ji Eun is an all-clear detector.)
- "All clear."
- She must know her.
You know her too?
I got goosebumps a lot today.
Our team is all clear.
I'm excited.
Which unit do you think is going
to participate in?
Do you have any predictions?
- Special Mission Battalion.
I'm confident
that the Tarantula Unit will be here.
- The Tarantula Unit.
There aren't many special duty units
for females,
so I think the Army will participate.
- And Navy.
- And the Marine Corps.
They must be here hoping
to take us down, right?
I'm afraid they'll fail, though.
We'll look back and wonder,
"Are they coming or not?"
Look how confident they are.
They might have come hoping to win,
but I hope they don't hold
their hopes too high.
I think all they can do is...
to try their best to catch up with us.
We will always stay ahead of everyone.
They're so confident.
ROK Special Warfare Command.
(The Special Forces representing Korea:
ROK Special Warfare Command)
(Meanwhile...)
What would be the next unit?
She's reading.
(She's reading an English book.)
- What's that?
- Is it an English book?
"The Goldfinch?"
(Who is she reading an English novel?)
Victory at all costs!
I'm First Lieutenant Shin Jeong Min
of the Republic of Korea Navy.
Navy.
Due to my dad's profession,
I had to move to many different countries
every couple of years.
I've never lived in Korea,
which left me with a weak sense
of identity as a Korean.
Out of love for the nation
that gave me life...
and to strengthen my cultural identity,
I applied to be
an interpretation officer in the Navy.
An interpretation officer.
With pride in the Navy,
I want to show everyone
just how amazing it can be.
First Lieutenant Shin.
Okay. The second to join the unit.
The second member of the Navy.
Hello.
(It's nice to meet you.)
- Hello.
I'm First Lieutenant Shin Jeong Min.
I'm Sergeant First Class Park Hye In.
- It's nice to meet you.
- Sergeant First Class Park.
(Sergeant First Class Park Hye In
of the Navy)
What preparations did you make for this?
I ran over 5km every day.
- And then...
- You ran every day?
Yes, I did.
(How admirable.)
How do you run 5km every day?
Back in the days during my service,
I always came in first...
among the female troops
for the Physical Fitness Test.
I'm confident I can compete
against anyone.
(The third one shows up.)
- Here comes the third one.
- The third one.
The third member of the Navy.
(An insignia on her chest stands out.)
Is that an insignia?
Is that a badge?
(What does her insignia mean?)
It will be hard, but...
Hello.
- She has a great physique.
- Hello.
It's nice to meet you.
Victory at all costs!
I'm Sergeant First Class Pyo Yu Mi
of the Navy.
Since the peninsula is surrounded by seas,
I believe that the strength
of the Navy is key...
and essential for national defense.
- Gosh. She looks so cool.
- She looks amazing.
- Look at her cool uniforms.
- She looks awesome.
Because I served as a training officer...
and went through rigorous training,
I'm confident in my stamina.
Here comes the last one of the Navy.
(The last member walks
with such discipline.)
(Surprised)
(All eyes are on the door.)
Who is the last one?
- Hello.
Victory at all costs!
(As the last one showed up,)
(the other three fell silent
all of a sudden.)
- She looks scary.
- She's the most charismatic.
I got goosebumps.
It was impressive
how she moved with such discipline.
She made me very nervous.
The vibes she gave off were...
- Their hands went behind.
- Why?
Victory at all costs!
I'm Sergeant First Class Won Cho Hui
of the Republic of Korea Navy.
I'm currently serving
in the Korean Coast Guard.
She's an active officer.
I know many special units, such as UDT,
SSU, and UDU, were on the show,
but I'm here to demonstrate
how powerful a regular Navy can be,
even if they're not part
of the special duty units.
She's so charismatic.
I'm Sergeant First Class Won Cho Hui.
I'm Sergeant First Class Pyo Yu Mi
from the Class of 250.
I'm from the 239th class.
- How cute.
- I'm from the 247the class.
I see.
You're the most senior here, ma'am.
(Cho Hui is the most senior member.)
I knew it because I saw her combat boots.
What's up with her combat boots?
Why is that?
What's different?
- Oh, her combat boots.
- They look different.
Because her boots are the older model.
What do you mean by the older model?
I bought them myself.
You give off such powerful vibes.
- You seem like a leader.
- I think you should be a team leader.
Is there anyone else
who wants to be the team leader?
- I also want you to be a team leader.
- I think you'd be perfect.
It's settled, then.
The team leader was decided
as soon as she entered.
I know I have many flaws,
but I'll do my best...
to be the best leader for the team.
People often think that the Navy
doesn't undergo rigorous training...
and that their job is
just to work on a ship.
I believe this is our opportunity
to prove them wrong.
If anyone thinks of the Navy
as the weakest branch,
let's see what happens later.
If someone hits me,
I get really angry.
Here comes Angry Cho Hui.
I won't let anyone mess with me.
Our goal is to take first place,
and we're ready to take everyone down.
Republic of Korea Navy.
(The defender of Korean territory,
Republic of Korea Navy)
This is a barrack for another unit.
- Look at her long legs.
- Look at them.
(Who is this tall woman?)
- "Sniper!"
- She's a sniper.
She's a sniper.
We stand together!
I'm Sergeant First Class
of the ROK 707th Special Missions Group.
- She's in the 707th Group.
- I served as an espionage officer...
in the Special Military Forces
for Counterterrorism, Zone One.
I completed my training
as the first female sniper...
and was also a professional shooter
in the prone position.
My experience has greatly helped me,
especially in reading wind.
I believe I am the best sniper in Korea,
so there's no unit I'm worried about.
(Park Bo Ram, a sniper
of the 707th Special Missions Group)
Gosh. I'm looking forward
to her performance.
- Yang Hae Ju of SWC is also a sniper.
- Yes.
- But she was...
- But she was a professional athlete.
- She was a professional shooter.
- Is it fair?
(Abrupt knocking)
(Happy)
Bo Ram!
What's going on?
They must have trained together.
- I think they are close friends.
- I know.
I saw you as soon as I opened the door.
I was like, "What?"
- You haven't changed.
- You are the same.
They're close friends,
which will help with teamwork.
Right. Teamwork is crucial for this.
I was so happy to see
one of my battle buddies.
We went through the entire training
together in 2012,
and since we're the same age,
I was really glad to have her here.
They're close friends.
Is this the same locker we used to use?
They're being nostalgic.
It used to have a higher bottom.
- Right?
- Yes.
Do you remember that spot
where we used to stash some sodas...
- between the windows and the locker?
- Between the windows and the locker?
This is funnier than that.
- Remember we hid some snacks...
- With scissors?
on the ceilings after punching
the board with scissors?
Do you think they still do that?
I broke all the boards on the ceiling.
- You should keep your eyes on the corner.
- I got caught and got scolded.
By a training officer.
I thought every woman was averse
to hearing stories from military life.
That's so interesting.
Hold on. Look at that.
I think someone punched it before.
That board is whiter than the other ones.
Is that a snack storage?
I hear everyone can use
a post-exchange these days.
We weren't allowed, right?
- Good for them.
- Yes.
"Back in the days..."
Is it the same bag
you used to use as a candidate?
No, it's what I got
after the night combat.
- Oh, really?
- But it's a knock-off.
- Oh, you're right!
- It's a knock-off.
- It doesn't seem right.
- Right?
They keep talking about the past.
The third one
of the 707th Special Missions Group.
- Let's go.
- Look at her physique.
The back of her...
Even the trees look aggressive here.
(She seems more passionate
than anyone else.)
(Knocking)
Hold on.
- I'm coming in.
- Gosh. She scared me.
She's surprised to see her.
- We stand together!
- Hey.
- Hello.
- What's going on?
- Who is she?
It's Kkang Mi.
Kang Eun Mi is very famous.
- Hello.
- We stand together!
We stand together!
I'm Sergeant First Class Kang Eun Mi...
of the ROK 707th Special Missions Group.
(Not only can she crush things
with bare hands, shoot with a gun,)
(and do martial arts,)
(but she's also a YouTuber
named kkang_raider.)
My gosh!
I'm from the 707th Special Missions Group.
The ROK 707th Special Missions Group
will win, no matter what.
I'll crush everyone.
- You can take whatever bed you want.
- Which bed would you like?
Which bed would you like?
Let me take my backpack away.
- You can take my place.
- It's fine.
Where would you like to sit?
They're speaking so politely
from the start.
I guess Sergeant First Class Kang is
very powerful.
(The two soldiers have become so gentle.)
Hold up.
I have the highest rank among us?
- She does!
- Yes.
I was so happy.
She's my favorite senior colleague.
She's so tough...
that it's scary.
She's so mighty.
I'm so glad that she's here.
It'll be easier for them
to become closer than for the other units.
They already know each other, after all.
Do you remember that?
Your first shooting training session.
You...
She's going back in her day!
When you first entered our unit,
you had a meltdown after your first time
shooting with a revolver.
You went, "I can't shoot with this!"
- Bo Ram was like that?
- No, that's not it.
Shooting with an athletic pistol
is different...
from shooting with a military revolver.
- The recoil is unreal.
- The recoil is huge.
- That's true.
- It made me go like this.
And I got in trouble
for having such a weak grip on it.
- You tried to beat me up.
- No...
It's...
She beat you, right?
Basically!
You can basically say
that I was beaten up.
"Basically!"
"You can basically say
that I was beaten up!"
- She beat me up with her words.
- She used words instead.
I'm traumatized.
It's okay to beat people up...
at a shooting range. That's allowed.
- It's okay?
- Is it?
Because the drill itself is so dangerous.
Do you want to go
to a shooting range right now?
Should we go right now?
(No, thank you, ma'am.)
Her face!
(Only the senior is laughing
during this throwback talk.)
(Wiping the table for no reason)
Bo Ram and Hyeon Seon
have become so gentle.
The last one is taking so long.
I know. She must be more senior than me.
She must be an officer.
- We don't have many officers, though.
- We only have a few discharged ones.
Who's been discharged
from the 707th Group?
She could've just been a part of the unit
for a brief while.
Our company commander has been discharged.
We're expecting a company commander
or a captain.
Here she comes.
From the ROK 707th Special Missions Group!
The last one!
(Knocking)
- She's here!
- Yes?
(Excited)
It can't be the company commander, right?
Is it who everyone thinks she is?
Let's see.
(Getting up first to welcome
the company commander)
Sergeant Kang is up.
My gosh!
Why is everyone getting up?
It's been a minute!
We stand together!
- She's a sergeant first class too!
- It's been a minute!
- What? The youngest one is last?
- Hold up.
She's the youngest?
- What took you so long?
- I'm sorry.
- I'm more senior than you!
- Sorry!
The sun has set now.
- Am I the youngest?
- Yes.
Min Seon, I can't believe it!
Aren't you a police officer now?
Yes, I am, but the school has been
very accommodating.
That's why I can be on the show.
She's currently a police officer!
Did you serve in the military
with these two?
We didn't train together.
When I was just a military trainee,
Hyeon Seon was the trainer.
I remember her running faster
than the male troops in a race.
- She knows how to get it done.
- Min Seon!
I was a professional judo athlete
for ten years.
I represented Team Korea
and trained for it.
I'm a very well-balanced person
in terms of muscular strength and stamina.
I believe that I can play
a significant role in leading us to win.
- Is that right?
- A former judo athlete!
- There's trench fighting.
- Yes, trench fighting.
I can't wait to see her in it.
- Judo training is tough.
- Right.
I won't put
the 707th Group patch to shame.
I'd like to win and share
the good news with our comrades.
We're going to beat everyone.
We won't lose, no matter what.
Like the 707th Group members that we are.
We'll just beat everyone
down to the ground.
(The ROK 707th Special Missions Group is
so laid back and confident.)
The 707th Group is so confident.
We'll be merciless to crush everyone.
I can't wait to meet
the other contestants...
and go against them.
I'll make them regret joining the show.
Sorry, everyone.
We're going to win.
(The elites of the elites,
the ROK 707th Special Missions Group)
The 707th Group!
- They're so confident.
- They're so cool.
"The Iron Squad W!"
We've seen the Marine Corps,
the Special Forces,
the Navy, and the 707th Group.
The four units have been revealed.
- Dong Hyun,
- Yes?
you were very glad to see
the Marine Corps join the show.
Yes.
- The ROK Marine Corps of this season...
- Yes?
will win.
What? Already?
We're only on our first episode!
This is the first episode!
- We haven't even seen all of them!
- I'm sure of it.
We're not even done
with introducing the teams!
I'm already so excited
about the trench fighting.
- Lee Su Yeon!
- Yes, Lee Su Yeon!
Su Yeon really stands out.
She could even take on 3 or 4 others!
I can't wait to see her fight.
Dong Hyun thinks
that the ROK Marine Corps will win.
As you know,
I'm a huge fan of snipers.
I can't wait to learn
how Bo Ram and Hae Ju know each other.
I'm the most excited
about the shooting missions.
I find Sergeant Won Cho Hui...
- so charismatic.
- Cho Hui!
The one who warned the others
not to piss her off!
- Yes, the one who said that!
- The one who looked mad?
- She looks so cool.
- Yes, she does.
She's charismatic,
and as soon as she entered,
her team accepted her as the leader.
I feel like she'll show us
a lot of incredible moments.
(The Special Warfare School)
The Special Warfare School?
It's a school to raise troops
for the Special Forces.
When you enlist for the Special Forces,
you get trained here.
I see!
A hangar?
We store hot air balloons for training.
(And six unit flags are stored inside.)
We see six unit flags in there.
This is
where everyone is meeting each other.
(The first meeting spot for the six units)
The air is going to be so intense.
It always is.
This is the first unit.
(They're wearing various patches
from special training on their uniforms.)
The first unit, the Special Forces!
It's the four from the Special Forces.
Kim Ji Eun, Woo Hui Jun,
Yang Hae Ju, and Jung Yu Ri.
We will now enter.
(Sitting in the center)
It finally feels like it's begun
now that I'm looking at the flags.
- Yes, it's finally begun.
- Yes.
(The Special Forces troops are
checking out the other units.)
Quite a few of the units are
the ones we expected to see.
Yes, we got over half of them right.
The Special Forces knew
what units would participate.
I don't know which unit
of the regular ROK Army is coming, though.
They must be a coalition
of different units.
- "The regular ROK Army?"
- The regular ROK Army!
They're just the ROK Army!
They're just called "the ROK Army!"
- Yes.
Do you know anyone...
from an ROK Army unit
who does special missions?
I'm not sure. The ROK Army...
I'm most intrigued to see
who's in that unit.
A unit from the ROK Army for this show...
(A regular unit is coming
and not a special one?)
I realized that it wasn't
just all special duty units coming here.
That made me think
that this season would be easy to win.
See?
The way she's talking...
She saw that this unit wasn't
a special duty one...
and assumed that it'd be easy!
What if she loses after saying that?
- They don't seem threatening at all.
- No.
Totally.
Should we warm up?
(The Special Forces troops are so proud
to be from the Special Forces.)
They must be here.
Will the Special Forces troops be able
to stay this confident?
The next unit!
Here comes the second unit
participating in the show!
It's a new one!
We haven't seen these before.
Are they from the ROK Army?
- The ROK Army!
It's the ROK Army making an entrance.
They all seem so ladylike.
I think...
we can probably knock them down
in one blow.
Are they even strong?
They look so weak.
- "Are they even strong?"
- I know!
"We can probably knock them down
in one blow!"
(The ROK Army soldiers are
entering the hangar,)
(and the Special Forces troops are
observing them.)
- Look at their eyes!
- Their eyes look so scary!
Sit!
(They're sitting
across from the Special Forces.)
(First Lieutenant Kwak Seon Hui)
(First Lieutenant Han Su Bin)
(First Lieutenant Lee Eo Jin)
(First Sergeant Jeon Yu Jin)
(There's silent tension
between the two units.)
There are only two units so far,
and it's already suffocating.
(The Special Forces troops are looking
at the ROK Army soldiers intently.)
I didn't see them as competition.
As it's not a special missions unit.
That's why their expectations are so low.
I don't know what kind of special missions
they've done,
but that doesn't matter to us.
Salute!
I'm First Sergeant Jeon Yu Jin
of the ROK Army.
In 2016, I was commissioned
into the Non-Commissioned Officer Academy,
and I was the platoon leader
at the Army Training Center.
I served at the Army Training Center
for about four years...
and trained about 4,000 troops.
About 4,000 troops?
She was a drill sergeant
at the army training center in Nonsan.
The Army is...
the backbone
of a nation's military efficacy.
We're all the same soldiers.
There's no point in dividing us
into regular troops and special troops.
Yes, they're all the same soldiers.
- The Army is at the heart of it.
- That's right.
(Special Forces troops
against regular ROK Army unit troops)
(There's tension in the air
between the two different kinds of units.)
The air suddenly feels so cold.
I have a question for the ROK Army.
- She has a question!
- A question!
Have you been
to this Special Warfare School before?
"You've never been here, have you?"
Isn't she basically showing off
that she's experienced?
Yes, she is!
- It's our first time here.
- It's our first time.
It's all of our first time here.
(Of course, it is.)
What was that? Was she rubbing it
in our faces that she was experienced?
It caught me a bit off-guard.
I could tell just by their eyes.
I made eye contact with one, and...
(Looking away)
She looked to the side and away from me.
Why did she avoid making eye contact
with me like that?
The ROK Army unit just looked cute.
I didn't think that I'd get
intimidated by them,
but it was a bit hard...
to look them in the eyes.
Their eyes were so ferocious.
Her eyes are so scary.
It's like they're ready to kill.
- This is...
- My gosh!
It's even more intense
than the last season!
- I know!
- It's so intense.
I'm not intimidated at all.
Yes, that's why I'm looking elsewhere.
I know I shouldn't be like this, but...
They're undermining the ROK Army unit
right from the start.
You're right!
(The Special Forces unit is
undermining the ROK Army unit even more.)
Who seems the weakest among them all?
The darker one seems
like she has the best stamina.
They're not even talking
about who seems the strongest!
You can hear them
when you're sitting right across!
Of course you can!
The way they looked at us,
the ROK Army soldiers,
seemed like they already didn't see us
as their competitors.
They don't care
about what the Army unit thinks at all.
Let me make this clear.
The ROK Army unit is...
much more capable than the Special Forces,
and we'll be sure to prove that.
The ROK Army unit must be
really ready to fight now.
They must be so motivated.
- Yes, I'm sure of it.
- Indeed.
This will surely motivate them.
(Seon Hui is calmly observing
the Special Forces unit.)
We seem to be bigger in size than them.
Yes, how big you are matters too.
Based on my observations,
they were smaller than us,
and none of them looked
stronger than us either.
I didn't feel threatened by any of them.
We should get a bit nervous, though.
- I can't wait to fight.
- Right.
What can I do to make myself feel nervous?
(The third unit is now entering.)
The third unit!
I'm so excited.
Yes, it's the Navy!
It's the Navy.
It's the ROK Navy!
This is the third unit to enter.
They're all so tall!
All of them are so tall.
They're really tall, indeed.
(Sergeant First Class Won Cho Hui)
Won Cho Hui,
Park Hye In,
Pyo Yu Mi, and Shin Jeong Min!
The ROK Navy unit is entering.
(The ROK Navy unit is sitting
beside the Special Forces unit.)
What's going to happen now?
- She's scanning them right away, yes?
- That's right.
(Kwak Seon Hui from the ROK Army is
actively scanning the Navy right away.)
Does anyone stand out to you?
- What?
- Does anyone stand out to you?
The team leader, of course.
The far left one?
Yes, Cho Hui definitely catches
everyone's eye.
She seems so strong.
She's different!
She's on a different level!
Cho Hui is my favorite!
I didn't feel threatened by any of them.
When I saw the Navy unit,
everyone, aside from the leader,
seemed pretty weak.
I'm sure that the ROK Army will win.
(Things are getting more tense
with the ROK Navy's entrance.)
(Right then)
I want to see what the Special Forces unit
thinks of the ROK Navy unit now.
(Kim Ji Eun from the Special Forces is
paying special attention to the Navy.)
I'm still not getting nervous.
I feel more relaxed
each time a new unit enters.
It's hard to get intimidated.
- I just can't get intimidated by them.
- I felt relaxed from the start.
Everyone can hear them!
The color of their uniforms...
just doesn't intimidate us.
Of course, she's uneasy.
(Scoffing)
I didn't feel all that great.
(Everyone's in shock.)
That smirk!
- Cho Hui with the smirk!
- She's so cool!
- That was...
- She's so charismatic.
The ones from the Special Forces unit...
seemed like they were trying too hard
to look strong.
I don't think that we're
any weaker than them,
so why are they looking at us like that?
Yes, they started at the Navy too much.
(The Special Forces unit continues
chatting.)
- I'm itching to move.
- They don't care about who's listening.
- The Special Forces doesn't care.
- I need to get moving.
I saw the Army and the Navy units,
and I don't consider them
as special mission units,
so I don't find them intimidating at all.
(The air in the hangar is getting
more and more intense.)
It's so scary.
Here comes the fourth unit.
The fourth unit!
I'm so excited.
(The ROK 707th Special Missions Group)
It's the 707th Group.
The 707th Group!
They recognized them right away.
(Sergeant First Class Kang Eun Mi)
Kang Eun Mi!
Sergeant Kang is here.
The golden badge!
- The golden badge?
What's the golden badge?
Only those who do the descent training
over 1,000 times get that.
Over 1,000 times?
Yes, and she's the most senior one
in the 707th Group.
Kang Eun Mi and Jeon Min Seon!
Lee Hyeon Seon.
Park Bo Ram.
Here they come.
The 707th Group.
They're all quite buff.
Hello.
- They're getting up to greet them.
- Finally!
- We stand together!
- Because they know each other.
Hello.
The Special Forces and the 707th Group
know each other.
- I'm from 239th class.
- I'm from the 215th class.
Nice to meet you.
(The other units are so confused.)
My body just got up automatically.
The 707th Group and the Special Forces
are like a family.
That's why it's a custom for us...
to state our classes
as we greet each other.
Hello.
- Hello.
Things are changing rapidly
with the 707th Group's entrance!
They're so cool!
(The 707th Group has such a strong aura.)
(The Special Forces unit seems nervous
for the first time.)
The Special Forces unit is nervous!
They were so chatty and happy
until just now.
(The Special Forces unit
and the 707th Group are exchanging...)
(mysterious eye contact.)
This is a family fight.
For sure.
Seriously.
We're...
different teams here.
(The Special Forces unit
and the 707th Group...)
(must go against each
other on "The Iron Squad W.")
Sergeant Kang.
Hae Ju, the one beside Ji Eun,
was my partner for five years for sniping.
She was in a pair with Yang Hae Ju!
They were like Park Ji Yun
and Lee Dong Gyu, then!
- Yes, basically.
- Bo Ram and Hae Ju were a team.
- But you're better, right?
- When it comes to shooting...
I'm a better shooter than her.
- That's fine, then.
- It's all good.
(Looking over)
She's looking away! That's a first!
Hae Ju keeps avoiding eye contact with me!
That little brat.
She called her a little brat!
That's so...
That was...
Do military ladies talk so rough too?
The short-haired one in the back.
- The one on the right?
- Yes.
I was on the same team with her.
I suddenly feel so determined to win.
(The 707th Group is scanning
the other units.)
I know.
That's the Navy.
The Navy doesn't have
a special missions unit, does it?
The Navy? The female soldiers?
- Yes.
- No, it doesn't.
I only expected to see
special mission groups here,
but the Army and the Navy...
also formed coalitions to participate.
That gave me some confidence.
(So confident)
But...
the ROK Army unit seems to have
the prettiest ones here.
- Prettiest...
- That's...
That's not a compliment.
- Is it?
- No,
you can't really call that
a compliment here.
The ROK Army unit seems to have
the prettiest ones here.
- They heard her!
- Yes, they did!
All of you seem really pretty.
Sorry.
- Thank you.
- You're beautiful too.
All of you.
Look at her face!
Everyone was so pretty.
The Army?
I didn't feel threatened by them at all.
They were just pretty.
I thought that they were the faces
to promote the ROK Army.
I assumed that they'd be weak.
(Thrown off by the tension)
It's so intense!
They're really crossing the line here!
- Can someone else come in?
- Yes, please!
Then...
The Marine Corps unit...
and the Special Mission Battalion unit
haven't arrived yet.
What's that?
What's the Special Mission Battalion?
- The Special Mission Battalion?
- Yes.
The most unpredictable
and mysterious unit.
The Special Mission Battalion?
They've arrived.
Is that the Special Mission Battalion?
The Marine Corps?
- There are two more units to go.
- The Special Mission Battalion?
(The fifth participating unit)
Look at her eyes!
The Special Mission Battalion?
The uniforms are different.
- Their uniforms look different.
- Indeed.
That's not a combat uniform, is it?
- I see one in black.
- What is that?
What's that black uniform?
The black uniform shows
that she's served on a special mission.
The first one is from the Tarantula Unit.
I see the badge on her chest.
- The Tarantula Unit!
- The Tarantula Unit?
- At last, the Tarantula Unit is here!
- Yes, I've heard of the Tarantula Unit!
Who is she?
She looks so charismatic!
They look so strong.
Here comes the Special Mission Battalion.
(The mysterious Special Mission Battalion
is making everyone nervous.)
(The Special Mission Battalion troops
seem very charismatic.)
They're from different units.
Yes, it's a mix.
(Everyone's murmuring.)
Like the Military Police Special Duty Team
and the CBRN Special Forces together.
It seems like a collection of all troops
from Special Mission Battalions.
The Special Mission Battalion...
That one
in the Special Mission Battalion...
is so handsome.
- I thought that she was a man at first.
- Me too.
- She's so...
- She looks so strong too.
- Who is she?
- Look at those eyes!
She's even making me want to look down!
Salute!
I'm Sergeant First Class Cho Seong Won
in the 35th Special Mission Battalion.
Sergeant Cho Seong Won!
The Tarantula Unit is...
for the top one percent
of female soldiers in the country.
We train
to prevent terrorist acts in Seoul.
Our missions are
all about protecting the capital.
From rappel training
to counter-terrorism training,
counter-terrorism shooting,
- She's so charismatic!
- and martial arts,
I'm confident in all of them.
(As a part of the top one percent,
she goes through many training sessions.)
You must get the top grade
in all physical ability tests.
Only the chosen ones can join the group,
which is why I'm always proud
to be a part of the unit.
Hold up.
I'm starting to forget about Cho Hui.
- Yes, me too.
- Right!
- No!
- There was Cho Hui, but...
(Sergeant Cho Seong Won is
catching everyone's attention.)
That tarantula looks horrifying.
The one beside her seems quite strong too.
- Captain Moon Ji Yeong!
- Yes, I felt it too.
A blue insignia means...
- That she's in the Air Force.
- The Air Force!
The sky?
A blue insignia means
that she's in the Air Force.
Why is everyone glaring at us?
I'm getting scared.
There's Kkang Mi too!
They're so laid back.
I could only feel everyone's eyes on us.
They were all intimidated
by how strong we seemed.
We must show them...
that we're just as strong
as they think that we are.
Nobody stood out to me.
(Things are getting more intense...)
(now that the Special Mission Battalion
has entered the hangar.)
(The other units are getting
very nervous...)
She's incredibly charismatic.
(Checking her out)
You've been here before, right?
She's asking that question again.
There she goes again.
You've been here before, right?
Yes, I came here once for basic training.
I also visited the 47th training ground.
- You came here to learn your techniques?
- Yes, I did.
The female soldiers also really know
how to intimidate others.
She's something else, indeed.
- She was at the 47th training ground.
- Right.
(Hae Ju suddenly made herself seem
like a trainer over Seong Won.)
(Bothered)
Are we supposed to talk here?
Are we supposed to ask questions here?
The Special Mission Battalion is no joke.
(Bothered)
She seemed too unserious.
She seemed unserious!
I wasn't sure if she was trying
to test the waters or...
I was just itching to go against everyone.
That's Moon Ji Yeong.
(The Marine Corps is the last to enter.)
Only the Marine Corps needs to enter now.
It must mean something
that they're entering last.
The Marine Corps entered quite early on
in the last season.
- Seeing that they're last today,
- Because they're the main characters?
they must be the main characters
of the season.
The last unit on "The Iron Squad W!"
It's the Marine Corps.
(A ferocious aura)
The Marine Corps unit is
the last to enter.
(The ROK Marine Corps)
Why are all of their shoulders so big?
(Their physiques stand out,
even from afar.)
They seem different, indeed.
She's very tall.
She looks like she's about 173cm tall.
- Sergeant Yoon Jae In is...
- She's so tall!
What's with the second one?
(An aura that silences everyone)
Su Yeon's physique looks so strong.
Jae In and Su Yeon really stand out!
Oh, goodness. We're all doomed.
That's the Marine Corps for you.
Her height!
Their shoulders!
What's going on?
- Their physiques...
- They all seem so tall.
- We have to win.
- Yes, we can win.
- "What are you talking about?"
- She's getting them together.
She's pulling them together.
They're gulping in anxiety!
Even the Special Forces unit is wary!
I'm so excited for them.
(Everyone in the Marine Corps seems
absolutely intimidating.)
Everyone is astounded.
- They're not even asking questions.
- You're right.
(The silence is suffocating.)
(Everyone is frozen
at the Marine Corps unit's entrance.)
The Marine Corps unit seems to have
the biggest ones.
Their physiques are insane.
Their physiques play a huge part.
It's not about fighting to live.
We have to fight to survive.
(Smirking)
Everyone was murmuring,
which made me think
that we had great physiques.
We're ready to show
what the ROK Marine Corps has.
Overall,
they're smaller than I expected.
Yes, they're all tiny.
(And so, the six units have gathered.)
- All six units have entered the hangar.
- I'm so excited!
(What will happen now?)
We can't make any judgment
based on their appearances, anyway.
- That's the answer.
- Indeed.
- You can't judge a book by its cover.
- That's right.
(The doors to the hangar are
opening again.)
At last, the hidden unit!
The strongest...
hidden unit is...
The hidden unit?
(Everyone's turning their heads.)
(Who are they?)
- My gosh!
- No.
- What?
- Hold up.
Why do I look so weak?
That's...
What was that?
- There!
- Let's go up.
- Hello.
- Nice to meet you.
- Hello!
- Salute!
Nice to meet you!
- Hello.
- Hi.
My gosh, this is so...
We need to greet them properly too.
Okay, then.
Stand tall, MCs!
And salute!
- Iron!
Down!
When we were just talking among ourselves,
we talked about how cool it'd be...
- to have female troops on the show.
- That's right.
And you guys aren't just cool.
In fact, I'm terrified.
- I'm so intimidated.
- You can't even make eye contact!
First off, let's introduce
and interview the six units.
First,
the 707th Group!
It's the ROK 707th Special Missions Group.
If I may ask you...
about the sniper badge...
As you know, I love snipers.
- There's a sniper!
- I play a lot of video games,
so are you the same kind of sniper
that I see in video games?
That's right.
You must expect yourself...
to be better at shooting than anyone.
- That's right.
- But is there a unit here...
that you feel a bit intimidated by?
Are you worried about a particular unit
for the shooting mission?
No, I'm not really worried about any unit.
That's a real sniper!
The Marine Corps unit is annoyed.
Su Yeon is annoyed.
If I must tell you,
Sergeant Yang Hae Ju
from the Special Forces...
was my partner in sniping.
I guess I can say that she's not bad.
- "Not bad?"
- "Not bad!"
I guess I can say that she's not bad.
Were you two a gunner and her assistant?
That's right.
(Park Bo Ram from the 707th Group was
Yang Hae Ju's gunner.)
We were a gunner and an assistant.
We were the closest.
She's my most cherished younger colleague.
She's very talented at shooting.
She's the best.
I trained her, after all.
This relationship is one to watch out for.
What's your honest opinion of each other?
What if you were to go
against each other now?
Who do you think would win?
Just be honest.
I wasn't just an assistant sniper.
Right!
Here she goes! She's strong.
I wasn't just an assistant sniper.
(Flinching)
Right on!
This is so much fun to watch!
It's like watching a drama.
I've been a gunner myself,
- so I'm just as good as her.
- You're not an assistant forever.
Sergeant Park Bo Ram...
said that she was the first female gunner.
But just because she's the first one...
doesn't mean that she's good.
This relationship is
so interesting to watch.
She thinks that she's just as good.
What do you think?
You still have a long way to go.
She still has a long way to go!
She's saying that in public too?
My goodness!
You still have a long way to go.
She still has a lot to learn!
(Enraged)
She's all grown up.
She even has the courage
to make such a comment.
She said that she could beat me
because she'd been a gunner too.
But you can't really call her my rival.
She's still a baby to me.
- A baby!
- Just a baby!
I couldn't last a second there!
This is like a scene in a movie.
The air is so tense.
It's crazy.
I'm expecting a big match
in the shooting mission.
I can't wait for that!
They know each other so well
that they can totally be rivals.
I can't wait for it.
Next...
I don't know if I can say this.
No way!
(What is it?)
What's going on?
One of the Navy unit soldiers...
Navy?
said,
"The Marine Corps is..."
"just a subordinate unit to the Navy.
It's not that special."
Why was I told to read that?
That's bold.
My gosh.
- This is...
- It's so...
The Navy is really getting
on the Marines' nerves!
"Just a subordinate unit to the Navy.
It's not that special."
That's bold.
(All eyes on the Navy)
That's so bold.
What do I do?
I feel bad just by listening to this!
They must be so mad right now.
(So cold)
Who in the Navy said this?
(Who made this bold statement?)
- It's me!
- She raised her hand.
It's me!
- It's Hye In.
- Really?
- You really said this?
- Yes.
What, exactly, did you say?
I said exactly what was quoted.
Structurally speaking,
the Marine Corps is
a subordinate to the Navy.
All soldiers serve the same task,
and therefore, I don't believe
that the Marine Corps is extra special.
That's...
She's saying
that the Marine Corps is not a big deal.
I can see
Dong Hyun's face getting tense too.
That's a bit...
Goodness.
(The Marine Corps unit is silent
after hearing the Navy's statement.)
(Shocked)
They're really ready to fight.
You said exactly what was quoted.
- She's trying to work them up.
- It's so scary.
Can she take responsibility
for what she said?
Why are they getting so worked up
when it's true?
Here comes Angry Cho Hui.
I didn't really care.
- Sergeant Won!
- Cho Hui!
She's back!
I'm scared.
They're so savage.
The air is so tense.
What a bold statement.
If I may be honest...
If I may be honest,
it is true that the Marine Corps is
a subordinate unit to the Navy.
It's true, but...
But?
our fighting power...
and what we're about to show you
as the Marine Corps...
will make you regret
what you've just said.
She's so calm and collected
while making her point.
The Marine Corps fights at the front line.
And the Navy fights in the back.
That's why the Marine Corps is stronger.
Right.
It's finally time! I'm also dying to know,
as well as many troops here.
Everyone's wary of this particular unit.
Let me introduce you
to the Special Mission Battalion!
The Special Mission Battalion!
- The Special Mission Battalion!
- It's the Special Mission Battalion.
What kind of missions do they take on?
They only take on special ones.
The Special Mission Battalion troops are
finally coming up.
Seong Won is tall.
(The Special Mission Battalion unit is
finally revealing itself.)
I really want to know what that unit does.
I can't wait to hear
about what missions they take on.
They're different from the others.
Defend with life and serve with life!
We go when our nation calls.
We're the Special Mission Battalion.
- Salute!
"Defend with life!"
"Defend with life and serve with life."
Down.
I'm Yang Ji Ni,
the Sergeant First Class...
in the Capital Mechanized
Infantry Division.
My expertise is in collecting information.
- Collecting information?
- Collecting information!
I'm Captain Moon Ji Yeong...
in the 16th Fighter Wing of ROK Air Force.
I'm a military police officer.
A military police officer!
I'm Sergeant First Class Kim A Ran...
from the 55th Security Corps.
My duty is confidential.
- What?
- Confidential?
If it's confidential,
she must be in the intelligence unit.
It's confidential!
There's another one of those.
(Kim A Ran of the 55th Security Corps
in the Presidential Security Service)
The Presidential Security Service?
Does she work at the Blue House?
I'm Sergeant First Class Cho Seong Won...
of the 35th Special Mission Battalion.
My duty is a national secret.
A national secret!
That's incredible.
This is like the Headquarters
of the Intelligence Detachment.
We have someone
with a confidential duty...
and another with a national secret duty.
Confidential and a national secret.
(The Special Mission Battalion has troops
with various special mission roles.)
I thought that it was...
four members from the Tarantula Unit,
but it was just a coalition.
(She didn't expect a coalition
of Special Mission Battalion troops.)
They're basically all on their own.
- They're either the best or the worst.
- Exactly.
They'll either have great teamwork
or the worst teamwork.
I think so too.
Yes, it's one or the other.
- That's a good observation.
- I know.
The unit that I've only heard about is
finally here.
Sergeant Cho Seong Won.
- Yes, sir.
- Yes.
Everyone's wary of Seong Won.
- Yes, I'm so intrigued about her.
- The 35th Special Mission Battalion...
is the legendary Tarantula Unit...
of female Special Mission Battalion
troops, yes?
Yes, that's right.
The Tarantula Unit!
The Tarantula Unit...
That sounds terrifying!
The 35th Special Mission Battalion...
guards the capital city of Seoul.
We train to protect Seoul...
from threats of terrorism
and serve to protect the city.
I'm in a special unit
for special missions for female troops,
but my role is a national secret,
so I cannot tell you what it is.
That's inspiring.
Is the Tarantula Unit
the only Special Mission Battalion...
of female soldiers in Korea?
Yes, the Tarantula Unit is
currently the only one.
The Tarantula Unit. That's cool.
As the Tarantula Unit
and the 707th Group...
both train to prevent acts of terrorism,
I'm most wary of her.
I was so curious about them!
They must be powerful
in all sorts of ways, then.
And so,
we've revealed all six units...
competing in this season
of "The Iron Squad W."
We'll have to watch them compete...
to see who's stronger and weaker.
But we've never had...
- such a tense first meet.
- I know!
- Seriously.
- It was such an intense first meet.
It was so intense that it was suffocating.
Even just watching them was a struggle.
Two new units have been introduced
to "The Iron Squad W."
It's the ROK Army
and the Special Mission Battalion.
The ROK Army must be very angered...
to have been undermined
for being a non-special mission unit.
- I know.
- I'm sure...
that they're dying to prove themselves
to everyone now.
"Everyone's underestimating us?"
"We'll prove you wrong, then."
They must be thinking that,
which, I presume,
will make them very strong.
(After the first meeting
of all six units...)
Are they starting on a mission?
(They're looking very tense...)
They're moving
to the first mission ground.
Will they have trench fights now?
Maybe. That's our signature mission.
(The masters are waiting for the troops
on the mission ground.)
- There they are!
- The masters.
(Master Choi Young Jae)
(The 24 troops of "The Iron Squad W"
are all lined up.)
- I'm nervous.
- This should be fun.
The Special Forces!
The ROK Army.
The ROK Navy.
The ROK 707th Special Missions Group.
The Special Mission Battalion.
The ROK Marine Corps.
A team-based survival game...
in search of the strongest female troops,
"The Iron Squad W."
Troops of the six units
representing Korea's female troops,
welcome to the show.
The honor of your unit is on the line,
so please do your best
to fight until the end.
They look so determined!
They look savage.
The first mission of "The Iron Squad W..."
The first mission will now be announced.
What will it be?
- With a big benefit on the line,
- Already?
you'll climb the rope...
that's 11m tall.
They're climbing the 11m rope!
- That's quite high.
- Climbing up 11m isn't easy.
That's as high as the fifth floor
of a building.
That's the height
where humans feel the most fear.
Why are they fighting for a benefit
from the first mission?
There weren't any benefits
in the initial tester missions previously.
Exactly.
We're doing this right now?
From the start?
I was quite stunned to be told
that I had to climb the rope.
I didn't expect us
to be climbing a rope...
in the first pre-game mission.
You'll climb the 11m rope in two rounds.
Two rounds!
One person from each unit
will climb the rope.
Round 1 will be a 1-on-1 race.
Two soldiers from two units
will start climbing the ropes at once.
The soldier who rings
the bell first will win.
In Round Two,
the three finalists...
- will climb the ropes at once.
- At once!
And the rankings will be determined
in the order of them ringing the bells.
- The same people?
- Yes, the same team representatives.
Will they even have energy after that?
- Won't they be exhausted?
- Their forearm muscles are...
- bound to be exhausted after Round One.
- Totally, right?
I climb ropes for fun after lunch.
I can't possibly lose.
As soon as I saw the ropes, I got excited.
I was ready to have fun.
Climbing 11m isn't easy.
Before we begin the races,
I'll announce the big winning benefit.
They have to win the benefit
to have a smooth start.
They're getting competitive now.
The winning benefit
of climbing the 11m rope is...
What is it?
(What's the big benefit?)
a chance to choose your opponent.
Yes, a chance to choose their opponent!
That's huge.
In the following mission,
the top three units will go
in the winning order...
to choose the unit
that they want to go against.
We have to win.
- We have to intimidate everyone.
- Right on.
We get a chance to choose our opponents...
when we don't even know
what the next mission will be.
We have to win first place
and nothing else.
We have to win first place.
A chance to choose your opponent is
a very powerful benefit.
Yes, right from the start too.
(They're having an 11m climbing race
for a chance to choose their opponents.)
Let's begin the 11m climbing race.
This race is...
Who's going now?
The first race!
Two units will play
against each other first.
- The Navy...
- The Navy!
will go against the Army.
The Navy against the Army!
This is a battle between the rivals.
(Two non-special units are fighting
for their pride.)
Each unit representative...
may now step forward.
Here come the representatives.
Who will they be?
Hye In is representing the Navy!
Park Hye In.
(And who will go against her
as the Army's representative?)
The Army is putting...
- Han Su Bin forward.
- First Lieutenant Han Su Bin.
The representatives
from the Army and the Navy,
please say something before you go.
First Lieutenant Han Su Bin
of the ROK Army!
I'll do my best!
I'm confident about my muscular strength.
I'm trained in jiu-jitsu,
MMA, and climbing,
and I love all sorts of sports.
I was confident that I'd win.
She has so much leverage
if she's a rock climber.
Sergeant First Class Park Hye In
of the ROK Navy!
I'll show you my best!
"I must win, no matter what."
That was the only thing on my mind.
Their pride is on the line.
Han Su Bin against Park Hye In!
Ready?
- I feel like the Army will do better.
- She's a rock climber, after all.
- She must be better.
- I know.
- It's so high!
- It's so tall!
(The race has begun.)
Off they go.
Let's go!
Her foot got tangled right at the start!
- Right from the start!
- It got stuck!
- She got stuck, right?
- Something caught her foot.
Su Bin's foot got stuck in something.
(Startled)
Let's go!
Come on!
- You're doing great!
- Oh, no!
(Unlike Park Hye In,
who got off to a smooth start,)
(Han Su Bin's foot got stuck
right at the start.)
She needs to untangle her foot first.
Is she just pulling that with her?
It was a disaster.
She's going to drag it with her?
- No, it fell off.
- My goodness.
- You're doing great!
- Park Hye In is in the lead.
Hye In, who's taller, is in the lead.
She shouldn't wrap
her foot around that many times.
She seems to know
how to wrap her foot around the rope,
but she seems a bit sloppy at it.
That means that she has to use
her forearm muscles even more.
(Su Bin is a little unstable.)
Su Bin is falling behind.
(Hye In is staying stable
and continuing her climb up.)
Hye In is so stable!
Yes, she is!
But Su Bin is relying
solely on her forearm muscles.
We won.
We're going to win in Round One so easily.
I was so sure that we were going to win.
All I was thinking was
that I had to keep climbing quickly.
It wasn't going as easily as I expected.
The Army is...
You got this!
Just keep it up!
Right on!
The Navy is in the lead.
(Hye In is still in the lead.)
Come on!
But Hye In is starting to get a bit tired.
She's slowing down!
Keep up your pace!
She has to keep that pace up.
Stay calm.
- You got this!
- Keep it up!
Is she going to turn the table around?
Su Bin is catching up!
- Stay calm.
- Come on!
Your leg!
- She caught up!
- She caught up to her!
One more time!
I just looked up
and kept climbing for my life.
- Keep going!
- Keep pushing!
- The last push!
- One more time!
Su Bin!
- One more pull!
Just a little more!
You're doing great!
The last push!
- Come on!
- You're almost there!
- Who will win?
- They're so close to finishing!
(Su Bin from the Army?)
Will the Army turn the game around?
The one to ring the bell first wins!
They're neck to neck!
(Su Bin from the Army won.)
(No way!)
Su Bin, from the Army, won!
You got this!
(Su Bin turned the game around and won.)
Okay, nice!
This is enough to scare them!
I did it!
"I did my part as soon as I got here."
That was what I was thinking.
She totally did her part there.
Great job.
- It was so close.
- You're so cool!
You did great.
I was incredibly disappointed.
(Hye In, of the Navy, lost.)
I could've done better.
- Sorry.
- It's okay.
You don't need to be sorry.
(Han Su Bin of the Army
against Park Hye In of the Navy)
- The Army is going to the next round.
- The Army is going to the finals.
The next race will be...
The second race!
(Which units will play
in the second race?)
The second race is...
- between the Marine Corps...
- The Marine Corps!
- and the Special Forces.
- The Special Forces!
Each team representative
will now step forward.
Kim Ji Eun of the Special Forces.
The team leader!
(Which Marine Corps troop will go
against Ji Eun?)
From the Marine Corps...
What was with the laugh?
The tallest one!
Yoon Jae In!
- That's...
- Jae In is ten centimeters taller.
Master Sergeant Kim Ji Eun
of the Special Forces!
I'll do as I always do.
I've been climbing ropes...
since I first joined the Special Forces
about 11 years ago.
I'm not all that worried.
Sergeant First Class Yoon Jae In
of the Marine Corps!
I'll show you my real class
as it's the first round.
I'm the type to always hate losing.
I felt like I had to win in this race,
no matter what.
The two troops' physical gap is quite big.
Jae In is exactly ten centimeters
taller than Ji Eun.
An 11m rope climbing race...
between the Marine Corps
and the Special Forces...
will now begin.
Make the impossible...
- Possible!
- Let's go, the Special Forces!
- Bring it on!
If it doesn't work...
- Make it work!
Cheers!
- You got this!
- The slogans!
They sound so similar!
"Make the impossible possible"
and "If it doesn't work, make it work."
Let's go!
- They're basically the same!
- Come on!
Ready?
(Which unit will win?)
I wonder how they'll climb the ropes.
(So nervous)
(The race has begun.)
It's begun!
We have the Marine Corps on the right...
- and the Special Forces on the left!
- Right on!
- You got this!
- Ji Eun...
- Nice!
- That's a great pace!
You're so confident!
(Meanwhile,)
(Jae In of the Marine Corps wrapped
her foot around incorrectly.)
Why?
- What?
- That's a bit...
Oh, no!
- She wrapped the rope around wrongly.
- The Marine Corps!
What's going on?
- Just do what you always do.
- She made a mistake.
Why didn't she do what she always does?
What's going on?
That's going to make it very difficult.
- It's not going to work.
- She's using both of her feet.
That's even harder.
(Ji Eun, from the Special Forces,
is far ahead.)
Ji Eun is so fast!
- Ji Eun!
- She's clearly experienced.
(Unstoppable)
She's going up so quickly!
Ji Eun is doing great.
- She's incredibly fast.
- She's unbelievable!
Master Sergeant Kim of the Special Forces!
- She's like an elevator.
- I can't believe her speed.
She's insane!
How does she do that?
Of course, someone
who climbs ropes daily is different.
She's gone so far.
- A Special Forces troop is different.
- Stay far in the lead!
Nice!
- That's so cool.
- Go farther up!
Put your feet up higher!
Keep your feet up even higher.
- Make sure to place one foot on top well.
- Nice!
Nice!
The Marine Corps!
Dong Hyun's Marine Corps!
Our expectations for the unit are
definitely dropping!
(So disappointed)
Right on!
(Ji Eun easily won.)
She definitely won.
Right on!
Use your feet to come down slowly.
- Marine Corps!
- That's the Special Forces for you!
Nice.
She looks so stable, even on her way down.
That's the Special Forces for you.
(Screaming)
(Startled)
The Special Forces unit was way ahead
and won so easily.
- She was so fast!
- She's unbelievable.
Nice!
(The Special Forces unit beat
the Marine Corps unit so easily.)
We definitely intimidated them.
I felt so proud,
even though it was just the first round
that I won.
You're so strong.
- Nice!
- Breathe.
- You can take the gloves off now.
- Yes, take them off.
(Meanwhile, the Marine Corps unit is
looking very serious.)
The Marine Corps unit isn't so happy.
The Marine Corps!
- Stay strong!
- Jae In!
Oh, goodness.
This is disappointing.
Why did she try to switch her foot?
I couldn't wrap the rope around my foot,
which threw me off.
And that slowed me down more and more.
- I'm really sorry.
- It's okay.
Good work.
I know that you're disappointed,
but it's okay.
I couldn't even climb all the way up.
Ji Eun of the Special Forces is
now a finalist.
The Marine Corps!
The last race of Round One is...
between the Special Mission Battalion
and the 707th Group.
The Special Mission Battalion!
This race...
is one to watch out for.
We can't predict a winner.
Each team representative
may now step forward.
(The representative
of the ROK 707th Special Missions Group)
Lee Hyeon Seon
of the ROK 707th Special Missions Group!
Hyeon Seon.
(Everyone's looking at the one going
against the 707th Group.)
(Sergeant First Class Cho Seong Won)
The Tarantula Unit!
Here comes the Tarantula Unit!
- From the first game!
- The Tarantula Unit!
Seong Won will represent
the Special Mission Battalion.
Her eyes...
They're already playing the Joker card!
This won't be easy.
She seems so strong.
I have no idea who's going to win.
I feel like the 707th Group will do well,
just as the Special Forces did.
Sergeant First Class Lee Hyeon Seon
of the ROK 707th Special Missions Group!
I will represent logic with action...
and prove the process with results.
Sergeant First Class Cho Seong Won
of the Special Mission Battalion.
I'll show you what a savage is!
The 707th Group!
I was ready to beat them
in the first mission.
I had to intimidate them.
The last race of Round One,
Lee Hyeon Seon of the 707th Group...
against Cho Seong Won
of the Special Mission Battalion.
Ready?
My goodness.
With the fellow troops' support...
Let's go, 707th Group!
You got this, 707th Group!
Let's go, Special Mission Battalion!
They're both going to be so good.
(The race has begun.)
On the left is Seong Won
of the Tarantula Unit.
And on the right,
we have Hyeon Seon of the 707th Group.
Oh, gosh.
She slipped!
Hyeon Seon!
She slipped.
You're so fast!
Oh, gosh.
I missed the rope...
when I tried to wrap my foot around it
the second time.
I wasted some time there.
- It's okay.
- Take your time!
Hyeon Seon made a mistake at the start.
Here goes Seong Won of the Tarantula Unit.
Seong Won.
- She's so stable.
- She looks so calm.
- You got this!
- You're doing great!
(Hyeon Seon is making up for her slip
by working her arms harder.)
Her arm strength is...
Her arms are helping her catch up.
(Neck to neck)
They're neck to neck!
Hyeon Seon is also doing well!
- They're both good!
- It's a tie!
- They're tied!
- It's neck to neck!
What an intense race!
You need to speed up!
- Seong Won!
- You need to speed up!
- Hyeon Seon!
- Come on!
Faster!
- They're both so good!
- Hyeon Seon is so good!
- You need to speed up!
- They're neck to neck!
Seong Won takes over!
Faster!
Come on!
- It's neck to neck! You can win!
- Come on!
Hyeon Seon is speeding up again!
You got this!
You're almost there!
Seong Won is just slightly faster!
- The gap is minimal!
- They're neck to neck.
- You're so close!
- The last push!
- One more push!
- One more time!
- Please!
- You're almost there!
You're almost done.
(But her hand has slipped
off of the bell.)
Her hand slipped!
- Her hand slipped!
- It slipped?
- No!
- It slipped!
She was too rushed!
She needs to ring the bell to win.
One more time!
It's not too late!
Hyeon Seon, one last push!
Let's go, 707th Group!
- Who's going to win?
- Please!
Hyeon Seon is going for the bell!
(Who's going to win?)
Who's the winner?
(Nervous)
- Who's the winner?
- The winner is...
(Seong Won,
of the Special Mission Battalion, wins.)
(Seong Won beat Hyeon Seon by a hair.)
They were neck to neck!
The Special Mission Battalion!
She just hit the bell with her fist.
(Cheering)
Be careful!
The Special Mission Battalion is good
at climbing ropes too.
That's Seong Won for you.
Not only is she big,
but she's also amazing at climbing ropes.
She's not an easy opponent.
I felt threatened
because Hyeon Seon was so fast,
but my teammates cheered me on
to climb just a bit farther up,
which led me to my victory.
That's the Tarantula Unit for you.
Hyeon Seon is good enough
to be in the finals too.
I know.
But her opponent in Round One was
way too good.
(Lee Hyeon Seon, of the 707th Group,
lost by a hair.)
I didn't expect myself to lose at all.
(Cho Seong Won
of the Special Mission Battalion wins.)
Seong Won won.
The 11m climbing race
with a huge benefit for the next mission,
Benefit!
a chance to choose your own opponent,
on the line.
This is a huge benefit!
We'll now begin Round Two.
This is the final round.
- I can't tell who's going to win.
- Seriously!
Ji Eun was way too fast.
Only three players remain.
Seong Won
of the Special Mission Battalion,
Ji Eun of the Special Forces,
and Su Bin of the Army.
The three units will go
against each other simultaneously.
It's the Special Mission Battalion,
the Special Forces, and the Army.
Ready?
(Ready for the race)
Special Forces!
Kim Ji Eun!
- You got this!
Special Mission Battalion!
The Tarantula Unit!
Let's go!
Han Su Bin of the Army! Let's go!
- Come on!
- Who will win?
- The race has begun!
The final round, Round Two!
Yes, they're starting together!
The Tarantula Unit is on the left.
The Army is in the middle.
The Special Forces unit is on the right!
(Which unit will win in the race?)
- It's neck to neck!
- I can't tell who's going to win!
They're going at about the same speed.
They're incredibly fast.
Ji Eun of the Special Forces
is speeding up!
She's unbelievably fast!
Put your legs farther up!
Seong Won!
(Seong Won is stretching her legs
to make each pull bigger.)
- Faster!
- Go faster!
You have to go faster!
Look up as you go!
Ji Eun, of the Special Forces unit,
is the fastest!
I can't believe how fast she is!
Ji Eun is going right up!
- She's unbelievably fast.
- How can she go so fast?
That's the Special Forces unit for you.
One more time!
Don't stop until the end!
Your feet!
- Watch your feet!
- Seong Won is catching up!
(Seong Won is catching up to Ji Eun.)
- You got this!
- You're too slow!
- You're slowing down.
- Just a little more!
Ji Eun of the Special Forces!
She's incredibly fast!
And Seong Won is in second place.
Seong Won is catching up!
(Seong Won is going crazy now.)
She's in a rush!
She's rushing!
I could see Seong Won climbing up.
I realized that I couldn't slow down.
I felt like I could catch up to her.
- The last round!
- Good luck!
(Seong Won and Ji Eun are
fighting for the top two spots.)
Seong Won is catching up!
Ji Eun?
Or Seong Won?
- Stay relaxed until the end!
- One more push!
Push one more time!
She's threatened!
- Seong Won's reach is so long.
- Yes.
(Who will win?)
Gosh!
- Keep going until the end!
- One more!
You got this!
Use your feet!
(Who will be the winner
of the rope climbing race?)
Who will be the final winner?
Will it be Ji Eun?
She's reaching for the bell!
Come on!
Will it be Ji Eun or Seong Won?
Ji Eun rang the bell first.
The Special Forces unit wins.
They're all so strong.
Seong Won was just a hair behind.
Great work!
Nice!
The secret to my victory was
my stamina and confidence.
I was very satisfied with the result.
Make the impossible...
- Possible!
(A victorious cry)
(Startled)
She almost tore my eardrums.
Sorry, but she almost tore my eardrums!
- My ears are bleeding.
- She's incredible.
(So proud)
She's like an elk.
(Deafening)
- Seong Won is second.
- Nice!
- Great job!
- The Special Mission Battalion is second.
Be careful on your way down.
I was so close to winning.
It was so close.
She did so well!
(It was so close.)
You're almost there!
The last one is Su Bin of the ROK Army.
Come down slowly.
Ji Eun, of the Special Forces unit,
wins first place.
Seong Won,
of the Tarantula Unit, is second.
And Su Bin of the ROK Army is third.
That's incredible.
You heard Ji Eun's scream, right?
- Yes.
- Indeed.
- I thought that was an elk crying.
- Me too!
The Special Forces unit
kept mocking the others,
so I wasn't expecting its soldiers
to be all that good.
But Ji Eun is so savage!
Her savage spirit is a trained one...
from 11 years of serving in the military.
Are you saying that you'll root
for the Special Forces unit...
and not the Marine Corps?
Have you changed your favorite unit?
For now...
Let me trust the Marine Corps
one more time.
Let me give the Marine Corps
another chance.
How the Special Forces unit...
uses the chance to choose
its opponents is...
something to look out for.
That's a huge benefit.
First of all, the unit that gets picked...
- is bound to feel insulted.
- Yes, that can't be helped.
They can't help but feel insulted.
- It'll hurt their pride.
- It'll definitely hurt their pride.
That's right.
(The chance to pick their opponents can be
really insulting to the chosen opponents.)
(It's nighttime at the base now.)
- The sun has set.
- It's nighttime.
My goodness.
(The troops of "The Iron Squad W"
are gathering around.)
(What awaits the troops...)
(in this pitch darkness?)
(A giant trench)
- At night?
- In the trench?
Right on!
A female trench fight...
(The Special Forces Unit)
(The Special Mission Battalion)
(The ROK Army Unit)
(The ROK Navy Unit)
(The ROK 707th Special Missions Group)
(The ROK Marine Corps Unit)
A team-based survival game
in search of the strongest female troops,
"The Iron Squad W."
The next mission is...
trench fighting.
Trench fighting.
It's trench fighting!
It's time, at last.
This is my expertise.
There was no way that I was going to lose.
Really?
- That's so...
- Right on!
- She's wearing something on her head!
- Yes!
- Right on!
- Everyone's here to watch you, Su Yeon!
Yes, we bought the tickets
to come to this fight!
Exactly!
(The trench fighting has gotten
an upgrade.)
That's a huge trench.
It's deeper too.
(It's deeper and wider.)
This is the biggest trench
of all the ones we've had on the show.
Is this a group fight?
- Maybe.
- What will it be?
Why is it so big?
It's so big and deep.
It's a lot wider than I expected.
Everyone's astounded.
We're going to end up
using all of our energy here.
The bigger the trench,
the more tiring it will be.
- It'll be an exhausting fight.
- Indeed.
You don't just end the fight
in the trench.
You have to push your opponent out,
after all.
The first round...
will be a 2-on-2 trench fight.
- A 2-on-2 fight?
- A 2-on-2 fight!
(A 2-on-2 Trench Fight)
A 2-on-2 trench fight!
Two troops from each unit will play.
You'll play 2 rounds of this 2-on-2 fight.
Two units will go against one another,
and the winning unit
will advance to the final round.
All four troops of a unit must play.
That's right.
The units will play 2-on-2 fights
in Round 1,
and the unit that wins both times
will advance to the final round.
After two fights,
if the two units end in a tie,
the representatives from each unit
will play a 1-on-1 fight.
- A 1-on-1 fight?
- They'll play 1-on-1?
The three surviving units
will advance to the finals.
- It'll be key not to end up in a tie.
- For sure.
- That'll be too draining.
- It'll leave them exhausted.
(They must play an additional game
in the case of a tie.)
Round One of trench fighting.
We will now decide
which unit will play against which.
Which unit goes against which
will determine everything.
The Special Forces unit,
which has won first place...
in the 11m climbing race,
will get to choose
its opponent team first.
The Special Forces!
Kim Ji Eun of the Special Forces,
please choose the unit to go against.
Will she choose the unit
that we're expecting her to choose?
- She looked at the Navy!
- The Navy?
Cho Hui?
It looks like we're going to end up
going first.
- The Navy.
- She has a feeling.
Why? Do they look at us?
I think the Special Forces will choose us.
- I have a feeling.
- You do?
- They need to get prepared.
- Oh, gosh.
They had a meeting.
The Navy's soldiers have
relatively smaller builds...
and shorter heights.
That's why...
Right. The Navy soldiers are lighter.
The physique does matter
when they do trench fighting.
Right.
I think it'll require less stamina.
I think the Navy is an easy match.
Personally, I think
we should choose the Army.
- The Army and Navy.
- It's not like there's a well-built one,
so I'll go for the Army.
We narrowed it down to two units.
I think it's better to save energy
in the beginning.
- Strategically.
- Yes, so let's choose one of the two.
Please choose the unit to go against.
Will they choose
between the Army and the Navy?
She's looking at someone.
We, the Special Forces...
(The Navy?)
Which team will they choose?
(The Army?)
We, the Special Forces,
will fight against the Navy.
- The Navy.
- We will fight against the Navy.
So, Cho Hui was right.
- They made a hard-nosed choice.
- Right.
What's the reason you chose the Navy?
Strategically,
we decided to save energy
as much as possible.
She just hurt the Navy's pride.
- She said that too openly.
- She didn't even hide it.
Why are they trying to make
each other have a psychological war?
Save up energy?
To be honest, I didn't feel good.
We decided not to use too much energy
from the beginning.
We'll prove that you were wrong.
They think they can beat us undoubtedly,
and it made me sneer.
- It's Angry Cho Hui.
- Angry Cho Hui!
The next is the Special Mission Battalion,
which won second place...
in the climbing 11m rope,
Cho Seong Won.
It's the Special Mission Battalion's turn
to choose an opponent.
We will fight against the Army.
It's really sad!
The Army was placed third.
Too bad.
We will fight against the Army.
(Snorting)
We're the few selected from general units.
("General unit" was mentioned again.)
We'll show you how special we are.
- They all speak so bluntly.
- It's scary.
(It's no joke.)
We'll show you
that they're not so special.
How cool.
Honestly,
it didn't feel nice to hear that.
They said they were selected...
from general units
because they were special.
I wanted to show them
how more special general units can be.
Right.
Automatically,
the 707th Group and the Marines will
compete against each other.
People say the Marines are strong,
but we'll show you
how overwhelmingly we can outdo them.
But the Marines have Lee Su Yeon.
We even think trench fighting is
for the Marines.
We can beat any unit.
So, it's a general unit
against special forces.
- Right.
- It happened to be like that.
(The 2-on-2 trench fighting:
The Marines vs. the 707th Group)
(The Army
vs. the Special Mission Battalion)
(The Navy vs. the Special Forces)
Before we start trench fighting,
I'll announce a great benefit.
A great benefit?
The winner of the trench fighting will...
get a total of two benefits.
- What?
- Two?
- Two from the beginning?
- He gives out...
too many benefits.
(Tempting)
There are two benefits?
That's very tempting.
It really is. We must take first place
this time.
We should give our all.
We must win, no matter what.
The first benefit is...
the right to choose the opponent
of the first main mission,
where the first team to be eliminated
will be decided.
It's very important.
The right to choose the opponent
for the first main mission.
It's good.
As soon as the first benefit
was mentioned,
I decided to win, no matter what.
The second benefit is...
The first one is big enough.
that it will help you understand
the main mission in advance.
This is...
It's the operation map.
The winner will get the right to decide
the opponent and the operation map too?
The winning team gets everything it needs.
- It's like letting them survive.
- Right.
An operation map?
Getting an operation map in advance...
means we'll have enough time
to discuss and get ready.
So, we must win at all costs.
(Which unit will win the two benefits?)
This means that the winning team
in the trench fighting...
will pass the next mission...
- Right.
- with a high probability.
- It's...
- The benefits are too mighty.
Definitely.
The first round of the trench fighting.
- It is...
- This is...
- the 707th Group...
- The 707th Group!
against the Marines.
The first round is the 707th Group
versus the Marines?
- What?
- Wait!
- Su Yeon will fight already!
- Oh, my!
They'll fight in the first round.
The first round is like finals.
The members of each team.
Enter the trench.
(The 707th Group:
Park Bo Ram and Lee Hyeon Seon)
- Park Bo Ram and Lee Hyeon Seon.
- Bo Ram and Hyeon Seon.
(How will the teamwork
of the two from the same class?)
(Who from the Marines will fight?)
Lee Su Yeon!
- From the first round...
- I got goosebumps.
The time has come at last.
I wanted to avoid
First Lieutenant Su Yeon.
She obviously has a big frame.
I thought it wouldn't be easy.
(Everyone is alert
to Su Yeon from the Marines.)
It'll be quite a spectacle.
I'm most interested in this battle.
The participating members.
State your rank and name.
Sergeant First Class Park Bo Ram
of the ROK 707th Special Missions Group!
We'll prove why the 707th Group is
called the strongest in the world!
Sergeant First Class Lee Hyeon Seon
of the ROK 707th Special Missions Group!
I'll fight with all my might,
even at the risk of my life!
Captain Cho A Ra of the Marines!
I'll blow them away in an instant!
- The voice...
- First Lieutenant Lee Su Yeon...
of the Marines!
I've already grown tired of waiting.
I'll finish it quickly.
(It's Su Yeon, indeed.)
- "I'm tired of waiting."
- It's...
- just like "Wild Bee."
- I'm tired of waiting, wild bee
She's tired of waiting like a wild bee.
(Their determination shows
how relaxed the strong are.)
I wondered
how their hidden strength would be.
I was looking forward to it.
(First Lieutenant Park Bo Ram,
First Lieutenant Lee Hyeon Seon)
(Captain Cho A Ra,
First Lieutenant Lee Su Yeon)
(They're anticipating
to see Su Yeon's fight.)
Su Yeon...
But Bo Ram from the 707th Group is also...
very high and quite well-built.
- Right.
- So, I think...
she can be a match for Su Yeon
if she has stamina and strategies.
It's a 2-to-2 match,
and Bo Ram and Hyeon Seon
have been friends and comrades...
- Right.
- for a long time.
So, they may have good teamwork.
- Right.
- It's 2-to-2, after all.
I wonder if Su Yeon will be
able to break the teamwork.
- They're superior in terms of physique.
- Anyway,
trench fighting requires
not only strength...
but also teamwork and strategies.
(War clouds gather on the trench.)
She's taking her shirt off.
I am here representing the 707th Group.
So, I'll win, no matter what.
Bo Ram also has a good body build.
I'll show them
how invincible the 707th Group is.
I'll win, no matter what.
We'll show you
the Marines' capability and our strength.
Full of determination.
(Unrivaled body build)
Other units? Beat us if you can.
Look at the muscles.
I decided to show them
how great the Marines are.
She's already different
even when she takes her shirt off.
- Su Yeon...
- Oh, my. It's not good.
They're strong.
The 2-on-2 trench fighting.
- The 707th Group against the Marines.
- We'll begin now.
Please show us how strong you are, Bo Ram.
(Which unit will take the lead
in the first round?)
Ready.
It began!
The 707th Group against the Marines.
Su Yeon. It's a man-to-man fight!
Nice.
They better eliminate one first.
It's a 2-to-1 battle now!
We have to come up with a strategy.
It's either attacking only one person...
or having a 1-to-1 fight individually.
I think it'll take forever
if we fight individually.
Right.
There's a boar in the Marines unit.
A boar in the Marines?
If she says that...
- Boar?
- She didn't mention the name,
but we all know who she talked about.
- Boar?
- It's a team battle...
This is what I think.
We should attack one of them together...
and have her fall out of the battle.
(Bo Ram and Hyeon Seon attack
Su Yeon together.)
Bo Ram is fighting Su Yeon in the front,
and Hyeon Seon is at the back.
(Su Yeon is surrounded
by the 707th Group fighters.)
Push her harder!
Push them away!
Together!
She doesn't budge.
She's strong.
Su Yeon...
- Harder!
- won't budge an inch.
- She's really firm.
- She's unwavering.
She's withstanding it.
- Let's go!
- Isn't she crazy?
- One more!
- Push them back!
(The 707th Group
tenaciously attacks Su Yeon.)
Attack the legs!
(The 707th Group manages
to bring Su Yeon down.)
- She fell.
- They made her fall!
Su Yeon fell.
(The pincer movement
of the 707th Group is tough.)
Wait. They're pressing her down!
- Bo Ram!
- Press her down!
A Ra should do something too!
- That's it!
- Change the position.
- She's pushing A Ra away!
- Lift her up!
Bo Ram is pressing A Ra down.
While Bo Ram is distracted,
Su Yeon gets out!
- She's out.
- It's 1-on-1 now!
No, that's going to be so hard!
(It's A Ra against Bo Ram
and Su Yeon against Hyeon Seon.)
Hyeon Seon is going strong!
Su Yeon against Hyeon Seon!
She must be an athlete.
Did she train in ssireum before?
Hyeon Seon, you have to stay strong!
Grab her! Flip her over.
Will Su Yeon show her monstrous strength?
Su Yeon!
(Right then)
Su Yeon fell!
Look at Hyeon Seon!
The 707th Group's strength
is unbelievable!
Hyeon Seon has technique!
Right on!
Back up, little by little!
Come on!
Let's go!
(But Su Yeon from the Marine Corps is
turning the game around immediately.)
But Su Yeon is getting back up.
- Wait!
- This is...
(Don't even think about it.)
She's pulling her back!
The physique difference is quite big!
(Su Yeon's physique is leaving
everyone in awe.)
She's so strong.
She put my face in the water,
which made me really angry.
So, I planned on planting her down
by the trench wall.
Plant her down by the trench wall!
- No, you have to get her out!
- Focus on getting her out!
Su Yeon is mad now!
(Su Yeon, of the Marine Corps,
is enraged.)
Come on!
- Keep going!
- Su Yeon!
She's dragging her out!
- Hold up!
- She's stopping her.
- She's mad.
- She's enraged!
(Hyeon Seon has no way to get out.)
Hyeon Seon!
She's unbelievably strong.
Her strength is insane.
- You have to stay strong!
- Stay strong!
Su Yeon is absolutely fuming now.
Hyeon Seon is facing her biggest threat.
I couldn't get a grip on myself,
but I tried to last as long as possible.
- Hyeon Seon, stay in there!
- Stay strong!
She's no match against her
when it's 1-on-1.
- She doesn't stand a chance!
- Out!
- Hyeon Seon...
- Who's out?
- A Ra and Bo Ram?
- They're out?
Not Hyeon Seon?
(Is it Cho A Ra of the Marine Corps?)
Who is it?
- It's not Hyeon Seon?
- This won't do.
Come on!
Did Bo Ram get A Ra out?
This will turn the whole game around!
It's the other two?
What's going on?
Bo Ram and A Ra!
Stay strong!
You have to stay in there!
It must be A Ra!
This won't do!
Sit down!
- You have to stay in there!
- Bo Ram lifted...
A Ra!
It's game over.
She can't last against two people.
That makes it 2-on-1 now.
(Bo Ram flipped A Ra over in a blink.)
Cho A Ra is out!
The 707th Group stands a better chance
at winning now!
The 707th Group is insane.
Right on! Keep going!
- Take her out right away!
- Hurry!
Come on!
(Just as A Ra got out...)
- Hyeon Seon!
- It's 1-on-1 now!
- She got out at the same time as A Ra!
- This is so...
Hyeon Seon...
I saw her fly!
How strong is she?
That's insane.
No way.
(Even the Tarantula Unit soldier
is in awe.)
It's 1-on-1 now.
Bo Ram of the 707th Group
and Su Yeon of the Marine Corps!
Bo Ram is pushing Su Yeon from behind!
Push her right now!
- Right now!
- Keep going!
- Keep going until the end!
- You still have one more.
Su Yeon is turning around!
Su Yeon is turning around now!
My gosh!
- Move faster!
- Come on!
- The other way!
- Turn around!
Go under!
Su Yeon is grabbing Bo Ram's pants.
Bo Ram is still going strong!
- Come on!
- Grab her legs!
(Su Yeon from the Marine Corps is
striking back.)
She did it!
- No!
- Come on!
- Don't lift her!
- Bo Ram!
(She stayed strong!)
(Bo Ram's other leg barely managed
to stay on the ground.)
Bo Ram is going strong.
(Bo Ram is hugging Su Yeon's leg.)
- She has to stay strong here.
- This is...
I stuck to Su Yeon,
but it felt like an elephant was
stepping on me.
- She's called a boar and an elephant!
- I couldn't let her...
beat me here,
so I kept going for her.
She's so determined!
Seriously.
She's so stubborn.
Sergeant Park kept her legs crossed.
She was basically an anaconda.
No, take your leg out right now!
Come on! Take your leg out!
Grab her leg!
- You have to grab her leg!
- Grab it!
(Su Yeon keeps attacking Bo Ram,
but Bo Ram is persistent.)
Yes, keep going!
- Push her out!
- Come on!
- One more time!
- Just on your left!
- Right on!
- Just a little more!
Get your leg out and go again.
- No!
- What?
(Bo Ram is even looking
for a chance to strike back.)
I can't tell who's going to win.
Let's go!
This 1-on-1 battle...
Su Yeon's leg is tied down.
This means that Su Yeon can't use
her full strength either.
Bo Ram!
Bo Ram is much smaller, but...
- Come on, Bo Ram!
- Bo Ram is so...
You're doing great!
Bo Ram is still going strong.
(The big tree has fallen.)
- That was so sudden!
- She tripped her over!
- What?
- She's striking back!
(This can't be.)
Bo Ram is striking back!
Su Yeon is now down!
You got this!
You did it!
- Bo Ram is striking back!
- Right on!
You got this!
No way.
I'm getting goosebumps.
(Su Yeon is thrown off
by the unexpected attack.)
If Su Yeon loses now...
I have no idea who's going to win.
Will Bo Ram end the game?
This is...
(Which team is going to win?)
(To be continued next week)
(This is all for today.)
No way!
- Come on!
- Seriously?
Why would you not show us the whole fight?
What was that about?
You need to pause the video...
after the fight!
What will happen to Su Yeon?
Sure, we're curious,
but Dong Hyun is going to die
of curiosity by next week!
Seriously!
The Marine Corps...
I'm still unsure if I should bring
my red name tag or not!
I need to know!
Bo Ram is something else.
- I know!
- She's so stubborn.
You're right. We can't predict
the winner anymore.
How will this battle end?
The result of the 707th Group
against the Marine Corps...
will be revealed next week.
Everyone, stand tall!
Salute to the viewers.
- Iron!
(A 2-on-2 trench fight:
The 707th Group vs. the Marine Corps)
(The 707th Group's unbelievable power
and breathtaking charisma)
(The 707th Group is taking over the game
against the Marine Corps right away.)
If I don't fight for life,
I'm going to lose.
Stay strong!
(Which unit will win,
the 707th Group or the Marine Corps?)
The next battle is
between the Special Mission Battalion...
and the ROK Army.
She's so fit.
I'm looking forward
to watching Seong Won fight.
I need to show
why we're the Special Mission Battalion.
Today's the day everyone will stop
undermining non-special mission units.
I'll drown you in the trench
and tear you apart.
(The pride of the two units is
on the line.)
(So ferocious)
(Things have gotten...)
(more intense and ferocious.)
(Who will become the final winner
of the trench fights?)
(The start of an intense mission...)
(to determine the first unit
to be eliminated)
This is the mission.
This is ours.
We're going to make it
to the next round easy.
(Running for their lives)
(The missions have become harder.)
(An intense battle
to fight for the units' reputation)
I was thrown off by how endless it seemed.
(Only the strongest ones can survive
through this extreme mission.)
Get in!
(Get through the endless obstacles.)
Come on!
(Monstrous strength)
In 1, 2, 3!
(March for your lives.)
Get yourself together!
Get closer! Come on!
(Desperate struggles for survival)
(It's not over...)
(until it is.)
(An unexpected result)
(Which unit will be eliminated first?)
(Subtitles are provided by KOCOWA.)